Add Readme and QD for rosidl_default_runtime (#7)
ros2/rosidl_defaults: rosidl_default_runtime/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

# `rosidl_default_runtime` Quality Declaration

The package `rosidl_default_runtime` claims to be in the **Quality Level 4** category.

Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Requirements for Quality Level 4 in REP-2004](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html).

## Version Policy [1]

### Version Scheme [1.i]

`rosidl_default_runtime` uses `semver` according to the recommendation for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#versioning).

### Version Stability [1.ii]

`rosidl_default_runtime` is not yet at a stable version, i.e. `>= 1.0.0`.

### Public API Declaration [1.iii]

`rosidl_default_runtime` does not provide any public API of its own.

### API Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.iv]/[1.vi]

`rosidl_default_runtime` does not provide its own API and therefore API stability will not be impacted by changes.

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

> `rosidl_default_runtime` does not contain any c or c++ code, therefore changes will not affect ABI stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rosidl_default_runtime` does not contain any C or C++ code, therefore changes will not affect ABI stability.
```

Author: Fixed.

## Change Control Process [2]

`rosidl_default_runtime` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements).

### Change Requests [2.i]

> This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All changes will occur through a pull request, check [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#change-control-process) for additional information.
```

Author: Done

## Dependencies [5]

### Direct Runtime ROS Dependencies [5.i]/[5.ii]

`rosidl_default_runtime` has the following group dependencies:
* `rosidl_runtime_packages`
* `rosidl_typesupport_c_packages`
* `rosidl_typesupport_cpp_packages`

### Direct Runtime Non-ROS Dependencies [5.iii]
`rosidl_default_runtime` does not have any runtime non-ROS dependencies.

## Platform Support [6]

`rosidl_default_runtime` supports all of the tier 1 platforms as described in [REP-2000](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers), and tests each change against all of them.

Currently nightly results can be seen here:
* [linux-aarch64_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux-aarch64_release/lastBuild/testReport/rosidl_default_runtime/)
* [linux_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/rosidl_default_runtime/)
* [mac_osx_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_osx_release/lastBuild/testReport/rosidl_default_runtime/)
* [windows_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_win_rel/lastBuild/testReport/rosidl_default_runtime/)

## Vulnerability Disclosure Policy [7.i]

> This package does not yet have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

Reviewer 2: Consider adding a table at the end summarizing the current state of the package

Author: I guess I tend to think the issue (https://github.com/ros2/rosidl_defaults/issues/6) makes it pretty clear the current state of the package and what else needs to be done, and the table just adds a third place where the current state of the package needs to be tracked and updated.
